Added clarification for parathread registration costs (#5960)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-coretime-parachains.md

## Register Parachain State and Code

> :::warning Deposit is fixed at the maximum amount for registering a parathread!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Deposit requirements for registering a parachain
```

Due to the reasons [discussed here](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/2372), instead
of the usual per-byte method of charging for storing validation and genesis code upon registration,
the cost is fixed to the maximum possible code size (`MAX_CODE_SIZE`), regardless of the actual
size.

> On **Kusama**, the cost to register a parathread is **~1100 KSM**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On **Kusama**, the deposit required to register a parachain is **~1100 KSM**.
```

> On **Polkadot**, the cost to register a parathread is **~3300 DOT**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On **Polkadot**, the deposit required to register a parachain is **~3300 DOT**.
```
